

Dear Mr. Thomson

I hope everything is going well. 

I'm sending you this email because my work schedule is currently overlapping with my college classes.  

Since, my previous schedule was usually in the morning and afternoons, I decided to take my lessons during the night time. Nevertheless, my shift has been modified recently for the coming weeks, being schedule during evenings.

This inconvenience put me in a difficult situation since require the work hours to support my expenses and also I am required to assist to the classes to get my degree and approve the courses. Since modifying my college's schedule is not possible for the rest of this term, I would like to request your support for setting up a most convenient schedule for me during the day time.

I will be finishing my term at the end of next month, so, if after that, you require me to work in the nights, please let me know I will be happy to assist to the college in the mornings.

I appreciate your attention and prompt answer.


regards,

Lerneir Ruiz

-----------

Subject: Awkward noises from the heat system.

Dear Ms. Gable

I hope you are having a pleasant week.

I writing to bring an urgent matter to your attention. During the last couple of weeks the heating system in  my apartment has been making noises loudly when it get started, interrupting my sleep time, which is quite annoying.

This issue is not only affecting the quality of my dream if not my wellness and my productivity during the daytime as well. Since this issue has been occurring more often every time, I have contacted the person in charge for solving this kind of issues in the building. Nevertheless, the issue has not been addressed properly.

Considering, that this problem affects my physical and mental health I hope this issue to be resolved as soon as possible, otherwise I would start considering to move to another home in the coming days for my own safety.


Thanks for your attention, I look forward to hearing from you very soon.

Regards,

Lerneir Ruiz


-----------

Subject: Neighborhood Clean-up day volunteer application.


Dear Mr. Henderson


I hope you are having an great week so far.


I am writing to express my interest on supporting the community during the clean-up day. My name is Lerneir Ruiz I have being living in the neighborhood for one year and I'm 32 years old. 

Since I was a child I have been quite interested in green causes and save the planet. Therefore, I have attend to another events in the past related to mitigate environmental issues. For instance, before coming to Toronto I used to live in Bogota where I supported the clean-up day from 2022 to 2024. That was pretty pleasant experience for me.

Having said that, I would like to ask you if can you provide me with more details about the time and the location where the activity is going to take place?. Additionally, please let me know if it is required to bring any required equipment for the development of the journey.


I am keen to support during the clean-up day. I look fordward to hearing from you.


Regards,

Lerneir Ruiz


-----------

Subject: Scheduled adjustment request

Dear Ms. Davis

I hope you are having a productive week.

I am writing to bring to your attention an relevant matter related to my work schedule. As you may know, I am enrolled in the college right now, however, for this term I must take one course during evening time, which generates a conflict with my shifts on Tuesday and Thursday.

Whit that in mind, I would like to kindly request to modify my schedule for those days. I am willing to make up the time on Saturdays. Nevertheless, if it is required, I am also open to explorer other options that might fit with my academic hours, since it is my desire to do not affect the work balance of the team.

Please let me know if you need more information about my academic calendar, I will be more than happy to shared it with you.

I appreciate your time and for considering my request. I look forward to hearing from you.

Regards,

Lerneir Ruiz


-----------


Subject: Urgent Heating system maintenance

Dear Mrs. Gagnon

I am writing to formally express an urgent concern about critical issue related to the heating system which suddenly stop working since yesterday. Due to this inconvenience, I have already try to contact the building super intended earlier, however to my dismay, nobody answer my call. I am really concern since the temperature is rapidly dropping, which may affect my health seriously.

With that in mind, I kindly request your quick attention to this issue by sending somebody to examinate and repair the heating system as soon as possible. I want to let you know that in case nobody takes care of this situation today, I will relocate myself in a hotel and I will charge the expenses at your cost in the next rent payment.

I hope this issue can be resolved promptly. I appreciate your quick assistance. I Look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.


Sincerely,


Lerneir Ruiz Cifuentes







